# Macros-added-to-a-Microsft-Word-spreadsheet

I need Macros added to a Microsft Word spreadsheet

Request details
I am trying to create an interactive Org Chart with Microsoft Word for my department for ease for multiple users and it being a constantly moving chart. The outline is already designed but I think it needs to be perfected in steps, though I'm not an SME at coding. I am open to suggestions to ensure that it is completed in a timely manner.
Deliverables
My expectations are to begin with, the current, existing data on the chart that I would deliver for the work to be done needs to be embedded within the document so as to not allow it to be moved around by other users.
Each currently existing text box or placeholder box on the spreadsheet needs to be magnetized, or a "grab box" as I was advised, so as to "grab" text boxes (yet to be created) of equal size.
The aforementioned (yet to be created) text boxes will be moved around from placeholder "grab box" to placeholder "grab box" as personnel leave for vacation or fill in for other individuals, etc. When picked up to be moved from placeholder to placeholder, the mobile text box wil be sucked into the placeholder box when it's hovered over it, avoiding the tedious movement of trying to get it lined up, hence the "grab box" effect.
Once the above coding is completed, the spreadsheet will be returned to me so I can create the Mobile text boxes.
I wil then return the spreadsheet to the coder and they will code each individual box with its own personal information for each of the department personnel. When I drag the cursor over the box and click on it, a message box will pop up showing the personnel information that I will furnish for each individual. To close the box, a "close" button will be at the bottom of each pop-up box.
At the bottom of the spreadsheet are 7 placeholder boxes within a text box designated as "R&R's". Those boxes will be coded with a box (the existing one is only an example) within the text box at the top left to interact with each other. When a personnel box is moved to one of the 7 R&R boxes, the percentile will change. There are 37 personnel employed with the department making 100% BOG. 7 R&R boxes for 7 individuals will bring the percentile down to 81.1%. Each box holds a value of 2.7%. if 1 R&R placeholder box is occupied by a personnel box, the the percentile box will read 97.3, so on and so forth. Each box will work independently but also link together so when a personnel box is dropped on any of the placeholder R&R boxes, only 2.7% will be subtracted. As more placeholder R&R boxes are filled in any combination, the percentage will drop by 2.7%. All of the other placeholder boxes need to interact with the percentile box also but only after the 7 placeholder R&R boxes are occupied so the percentile box will continue dropping by 2.7% as personnel boxes are removed from the other placeholder boxes. The percentile box will be changed so it can be smaller but fit the same format and size number. I feel at this time it is too big.
